Added footer pattern topic (#448)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/patterns/footer.md

---
title: Footer - Design System Pattern

> _description: The Footer Pattern displays a website's essential content in a consistent view laid at the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_description: The Footer Pattern displays a website's complementary content in a consistent view laid at the bottom of the page.
```

_keywords: Design Systems, Design Systems UX, UI kit, Sketch, Ignite UI for Angular, Sketch to Angular, Angular, Angular Design System, Export code from Sketch, Design Kits for Angular, Sketch HTML, Sketch to HTML, Sketch UI kits
---

# Footer

> Use the Footer Pattern to display a website's essential content such as site pages, a privacy policy, terms of service, social media links, subscription form, etc. in a consistent view. The Footer content can be structured in a vertical or horizontal layout and lays at the bottom of the page. A Footer Patterns for desktop and mobile devices are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Footer Pattern to display a website's complementary content such as site pages, a privacy policy, terms of service, social media links, subscription form, etc. in an unobtrusive and consistent way. Its content can be laid out vertically or horizontally and sits at the bottom of the page. Footer Patterns suitable for desktop and mobile device screen sizes are provided.
```
